armor:amphibious_armor:                    unit_amphibious_tank_icon.dds
armor:heavy_armor:                         unit_heavy_armor_icon.dds
armor:heavy_sp_anti_air_brigade:           unit_heavy_armor_antiair_icon.dds
armor:heavy_sp_artillery_brigade:          unit_heavy_armor_artillery_icon.dds
armor:heavy_tank_destroyer_brigade:        unit_heavy_armor_at_icon.dds
armor:light_armor:                         unit_light_tank_icon.dds
armor:light_sp_anti_air_brigade:           unit_light_tank_antiair_icon.dds
armor:light_sp_artillery_brigade:          unit_light_tank_artillery_icon.dds
armor:light_tank_destroyer_brigade:        unit_light_tank_at_icon.dds
armor:medium_armor:                        unit_medium_tank_icon.dds
armor:medium_sp_anti_air_brigade:          unit_medium_tank_antiair_icon.dds
armor:medium_sp_artillery_brigade:         unit_medium_tank_artillery_icon.dds
armor:medium_tank_destroyer_brigade:       unit_medium_tank_at_icon.dds
armor:modern_armor:                        unit_modern_armor_icon.dds
armor:modern_sp_anti_air_brigade:          unit_modern_armor_antiair_icon.dds
armor:modern_sp_artillery_brigade:         unit_modern_armor_artillery_icon.dds
armor:modern_tank_destroyer_brigade:       unit_modern_armor_at_icon.dds
armor:super_heavy_armor:                   unit_super_heavy_armor_icon.dds
armor:super_heavy_sp_anti_air_brigade:     unit_super_heavy_armor_antiair_icon.dds
armor:super_heavy_sp_artillery_brigade:    unit_super_heavy_armor_artillery_icon.dds
armor:super_heavy_tank_destroyer_brigade:  unit_super_heavy_armor_at_icon.dds
infantry:anti_air_brigade:                 unit_anti_air_icon.dds
infantry:anti_tank_brigade:                unit_at_icon.dds
infantry:artillery_brigade:                unit_art_icon.dds
infantry:bicycle_battalion:                unit_bicycle_infantry_icon.dds
infantry:infantry:                         unit_infantry_icon.dds
infantry:marine:                           unit_marine_icon.dds
infantry:mountaineers:                     unit_mountain_icon.dds
infantry:paratrooper:                      unit_paratroop_icon.dds
infantry:rocket_artillery_brigade:         unit_rocket_art_icon.dds
mobile:amphibious_mechanized:              unit_amphibious_mechanized_icon.dds
mobile:cavalry:                            unit_cavalry_icon.dds
mobile:mechanized:                         unit_mechanized_icon.dds 
mobile:mot_anti_air_brigade:               unit_mot_anti_air_icon.dds
mobile:mot_anti_tank_brigade:              unit_mot_at_icon.dds
mobile:mot_artillery_brigade:              unit_mot_art_icon.dds
mobile:mot_rocket_artillery_brigade:       unit_mot_rocket_art_icon.dds
mobile:motorized:                          unit_motorized_icon.dds
mobile:motorized_rocket_brigade:           unit_motorized_rocket_brigade_icon.dds
support:anti_air:                          support_unit_anti_air_icon.dds
support:anti_tank:                         support_unit_at_icon.dds
support:artillery:                         support_unit_art_icon.dds
support:engineer:                          unit_engineer_icon.dds
support:field_hospital:                    support_unit_field_hospital_icon.dds
support:logistics_company:                 support_unit_logistics_company_icon.dds
support:maintenance_company:               support_unit_maintenance_company_icon.dds
support:military_police:                   support_unit_military_police_icon.dds
support:recon:                             unit_recon_icon.dds
support:rocket_artillery:                  support_unit_rocket_art_icon.dds
support:signal_company:                    support_unit_signal_company_icon.dds
